.\" pads.8
.\"
.\" Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" PADS man page
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2004 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" $Id: pads.8,v 1.2 2005/06/15 21:57:51 mattshelton Exp $
.TH PADS 8 2005/06/17

.SH NAME
pads \- Passive Asset Detection System

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pads <DhUvV> <-c
.I file
.B > <-d
.I file
.B > <-g
.I group
.B > <-i
.I interface
.B > <-n
.I network(s)
.B > <-p
.I file
.B > <-r
.I file
.B > <-u
.I file
.B > <-w
.I file
.B > <expression>

.SH DESCRIPTION

PADS is a libpcap based detection engine used to passively detect network
assets.  It is designed to complement IDS technology by providing context to
IDS alerts.

Goals:

- Passive:  Records and identifies traffic seen on a network without actively
  "scanning" a system.   There will never be a packet sent from the pads
  application.

- Portable:  Has the ability to be placed easily on a remote system.  Does not
  require additional external libraries other than those associated with
  libpcap.

- Lightweight:  Logging is sent to a simple CSV file.  There is no need for a
  database or other data repository installed on the local machine.  All
  correlation is done outside of the pads program.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP -h
Display help / usage information.

.IP -D
Run PADS in the background (daemon mode).

.IP "-d file"
Dump banner data into a libpcap formatted file.  This feature will dump the
matched packet or the first 4 packets of an unmatched connection into a
specified file.  This can be used to further identify a service and also aid
with signature development.

Please keep in mind that this feature must be compiled into the application in
order to use it.  This can be done by adding '--enable-banner-grab' to
the 'configure' step.

.IP "-g group"
This switch allows you to specify a group that PADS will drop to after the
libpcap interface has been initialized.

.IP -h
Display help

.IP "-i interface"
Specify an interface to be used.

.IP "-n network list"
Specify a set of networks to be monitored.  Only assets that exist within
these networks will be recorded.  The networks should be specified in the
following format:  \fI
10.10.10.0/24,192.168.0.0/16 \fP.

.IP "-p pid file"
This switch allows you to specify a PID file to be used in conjunction with
daemon (-D) mode.

.IP "-r file"
Read packets from a libpcap formatted file.

.IP "-u user"
This switch allows you to specify a user that PADS will drop to after the
libpcap interface has been initialized.

.IP "-w file"
Dump data into a file other than assets.csv.

.IP "\fI expression\fP"
selects which packets will be processed.  Please see \fI tcpdump(1)\fP for
details on the libpcap primitives.

.SH SEE ALSO
pads.conf(8), pads-report(8), pads-archiver(8), tcpdump(8), pcre(3)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to the author.

.SH AUTHORS
Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
