.\" pads-report.8
.\"
.\" Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" pads-report man page
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2004 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" $Id: pads-report.8,v 1.2 2005/06/15 22:02:19 mattshelton Exp $
.TH PADS 8 2005/06/17

.SH NAME
pads-report \- PADS Text Reporting Module

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pads-report <hnp> <-r
.I file
.B > <-w
.I file
.B >

.SH DESCRIPTION

pads-report is a Perl based reporting module to be used with Passive Asset Detection System (PADS).  It will take
a raw PADS data file and process it into a readable text report.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP -h
Display help / usage information.

.IP -n
Do not convert IP addresses to names.

.IP -p
Do not convert RFC 1918 IP addresses to names.  The \fI -n\fP option will
override this option.

.IP "-r file"
Read packets from a libpcap formatted file.

.IP "-w file"
Dump data into a file other than assets.csv.

.SH SEE ALSO
pads(8)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to the author.

.SH AUTHORS
Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
