.\" pads.conf.8
.\"
.\" Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" pads.conf man page
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2005 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" $Id: pads.conf.8,v 1.1 2005/06/15 21:57:12 mattshelton Exp $
.TH pads.conf 8 2005/06/17

.SH NAME
pads.conf \- pads configuration file

.SH DESCRIPTION

This man page describes the format of the pads(8) configuration file.

Empty lines and lines beginning with '#' are ignored.

.SH PARAMETERS
.IP "daemon [0/1]"
his parameter determines whether the application will go into the background.
0 = Disable, 1 = Enable

.IP "pid_file <file>"
Filename of the pads PID file.  This value should be set if you are
planning on using daemon mode.  

.IP "sig_file <file>"
Alternate location for the pads-signature-list file.

.IP "mac_file <file>"
Alternate location for the pads-ether-codes file.

.IP "user <username>"
This is the name of the user pads will run as when started as root.

.IP "group <groupname>"
This is the name of the group pads will run as when started as root.

.IP "interface <interface>"
This contains the name of the interface PADS will listen to.

.IP "filter <filter>"
This value contains a libpcap filter to be applied to the PADS session.  For
example, to filter only SSH traffice, specify "filter 'port 22'".

.IP "network <network>"
This string contains a comma seperated list of networks to be monitored.  Only
assets found in these networks will be recorded.  For example, "network
192.168.0.0/24,192.168.1.0/24,10.10.10.0/24".

.IP "output screen"
This output plugin displays PADS data to the screen.  When using the
configuration file, it defaults to off.

.IP "output csv: <filename>"
This output plugin writes PADS data to a CSV file.  Optionally, a CSV filename
can be specified as an argument.

.IP "output fifo: <filename>"
This output plugin writes PADS data to a FIFO file.  Optionally, a FIFO
filename can be specified as an argument.

.SH SEE ALSO
pads(8)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2005 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to the author.

.SH AUTHORS
Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
